docs: add docs for changing from time scale to logarithmic/linear scale (#4)
thabarbados/Chart.js: docs/axes/cartesian/time.md

});
```

## Changing the scale type from Time scale to Logarithmic/Linear scale.

> When changing the scale type from Time scale to Logarithmic/Linear scale, you need to add `bounds: ticks` to the scale options. Changing the `bounds` parameter is necessary because its default value is the `date` for the Time scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When changing the scale type from Time scale to Logarithmic/Linear scale, you need to add `bounds: 'ticks'` to the scale options. Changing the `bounds` parameter is necessary because its default value is the `'date'` for the Time scale.
```

Author: fixed

Author: @dangreen fixed
